credential.helper=!f() { /home/vscode/.vscode-server/bin/fabdb6a30b49f79a7aba0f2ad9df9b399473380f/node /tmp/vscode-remote-containers-0bdb040f-049f-4413-bcf2-dca0d7285e79.js git-credential-helper $*; }; f
safe.directory=/workspaces/sycamore-3999.github.io
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui-portrait-master
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-KJNodes
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-LaMA-Preprocessor
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-VideoHelperSuite
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_FizzNodes
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-AnimateDiff-Evolved
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_IPAdapter_plus
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Inspire-Pack
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Advanced-ControlNet
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui_controlnet_aux
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/was-node-suite-comfyui
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/sdxl_prompt_styler
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Custom-Scripts
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-WD14-Tagger
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_UltimateSDUpscale
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_TiledKSampler
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/stability-ComfyUI-nodes
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfy-qr
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_Noise
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Manager
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Impact-Pack
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_experiments
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-post-processing-nodes
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/efficiency-nodes-comfyui
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_Cutoff
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_ADV_CLIP_emb
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/AGL-comfyui-translation-canny
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/cg-use-everywhere
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfy-image-saver
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyLiterals
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-3D-Pack
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-AnimateAnyone-Evolved
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-AutomaticCFG
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-BiRefNet
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Champ
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Crystools
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-CUP
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Easy-Use
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui-dynamicprompts
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-EasyAnimate
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-InstantID
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_LayerStyle
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-MotionCtrl-SVD
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Flowty-CRM
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Flowty-TripoSR
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Frame-Interpolation
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-layerdiffusion
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Logic
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Lora-Auto-Trigger-Words
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Marigold
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-MotionCtrl
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-N-Sidebar
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-moondream
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui-reactor-node
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui-prompt-reader-node
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-ResAdapter
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Studio
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-TiledDiffusion
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Tripo
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_ELLA
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_fabric
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_InstantID
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_MagicClothing
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui_segment_anything
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyUI_TJ_NormalLighting
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfy_mtb
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_zfkun
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/facerestore_cf
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/FreeU_Advanced
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/image-resize-comfyui
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/PowerNoiseSuite
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/LoadLoraWithTags
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/rgthree-comfy
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/SD-Latent-Interposer
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/sd-perturbed-attention
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI_VLM_nodes
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui-art-venture
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-BRIA_AI-RMBG
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/ComfyUI-Gemini
safe.directory=D:/Stable Diffusion/Blender_ComfyUI/ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui-various
user.name=Sycamore
user.email=88145824+sycamore-3999@users.noreply.github.com
credential.helper=!f() { /home/vscode/.vscode-server/bin/fabdb6a30b49f79a7aba0f2ad9df9b399473380f/node /tmp/vscode-remote-containers-0bdb040f-049f-4413-bcf2-dca0d7285e79.js git-credential-helper $*; }; f
core.repositoryformatversion=0
core.filemode=false
core.bare=false
core.logallrefupdates=true
core.symlinks=false
core.ignorecase=true
remote.origin.url=https://github.com/sycamore-3999/sycamore-3999.github.io.git
remote.origin.fetch=+refs/heads/*:refs/remotes/origin/*
branch.main.remote=origin
branch.main.merge=refs/heads/main
branch.main.vscode-merge-base=origin/main
